---
layout: post
title: 'A World Without Color'
author: [Jack Jona]
tags: []
image: img/color.webp
date: '2021-05-20T15:11:55.000Z'
draft: false
---

## A World Without Colour

**This Is Just Something I Wrote About A World Without Color And My Stance About It**

Can you even imagine a world, where there is no colour? All the fruits with no colours, the vivid colours of flowers become plain shades of grey. Everything you see, all dull and colourless with nothing that stands out and excites you. However, not having colour in our world actually might not completely be a bad thing.  
Colour in our life gives us an opportunity to experience our world in a way that is so special and that we definitely would not be able to experience if we could not see colour. Colours help us see and understand our world. Also, colours can help the brain piece out the mood in a given situation or time. For example, if your outside and the colours in the area are towards the cooler (bluer) side then your brain will piece together that is colder; if the colours in the area are warmer (more orange) then your brain will piece together that it is warmer. To continue, colours can trigger emotions, which is important because emotions are a part of who we are without emotions we would be feeling less. Colour having the ability to trigger emotions can cause actions and reactions that we would not do if colours did not trigger that response. An example of this is looking at the blue sky which may calm you down and seeing a lighter colour can help you be less violent. Colours in our world give inspirations and ideas, it also gives you words to describe anything in writing and make it easier for the reader to imagine what you are writing about. Anything that uses colour to indicate or show a meaning would not be useful in the world without colour such as traffic lights. Everyone in the world may be sad and depressed without seeing colours. Personally, I would be a little scared if we didn’t have colour in our world because just seeing shades of gray and no colours are a bit scary for me.  
However, everything is not negative if we do not have colour in our world. People would not be spending money or spending as much money on themselves if there was no colour in our world. The amount of money that people spend on themselves would be significantly reduced since there would be no reason for people to invest in cosmetics that bring out the colours. Examples of these cosmetics are blush and lipsticks because even if people applied these cosmetics no one would recognize them in a world with no colour. Colourful clothes and accessories would not be sold as much as they are being sold now because all the people in the world would not see anything colourful. Also, the process of changing the colour of hair would be useless. These, in turn, would give people more money to spend on their necessities. If we could not see colour then there would be no racial discrimination (racism) since we would not be able to differentiate the different skin tones effectively eradicating racial discrimination.  
If we did not know about colour in the first place then we would be used to seeing only shades of gray, this would make not seeing colour feel normal because you would not know the colours even existed. There are entire (nocturnal) bird species that can see colour with many more animal species. So, if the other living things that live with us in this world don’t need colour to survive, I am pretty sure that we can survive without seeing colour. Although we can survive in a world without seeing colour and some things might be better in a world without colour, our world is beautiful and to truly experience the life I believe having colour in our lives is essential.     - *Jack*